[YOTA]
Lights on, at 6:30 AM.
Physical therapy is
performed 15 minutes later.
Light muscle stimulation.
Apparently the minimum
possible to avoid atrophy.
[HINA groaning]
[YOTA]
Breakfast is at 7:15.
[STAFF 11A]
Maybe next time.
Here.
[YOTA] Learning time
begins at eight o'clock.
[STAFF 11B] Hina, do you
wanna try it? Hina.
[YOTA]
She looks away, but at what?
What does she see?
Something that we can't?
[YOTA] 11:45. Her lunch
is brought to her.
Then a walk at one.
Look up there,
Hina! It's a birdie!
[YOTA] From three o'clock,
she's free till dinner.
But all she can do
is rest in bed.
Her symptoms are far more severe
than any of the
other patients here.
Hi, Hina. Want a picture book?
Okay. How about
your animal cards?
Then I'll go get them.
Are you ready?
Here we go.
Now, what is this?
[HINA]
J‐‐
That's right.
This one's name begins with
a "juh" sound, remember?
Giraffe.
Yes, that's right, Hina!
Now, what about this one?
[YOTA]
When Shiba is with her,
Hina becomes engaged
with the world.
[YOTA]
Dinner is at six o'clock.
Good. Now, here
comes the last bite.
[YOTA] After dinner
comes toilet training.
They bathe her at seven.
Then it's more free time.
At nine o'clock,
it's lights out. Bedtime.
Every day,
Hina lives this cycle.
[YOTA]
Hina. Sweet dreams.
Time to turn in the report.
[YOTA]
I hope that's the whole deal.
Come in.
[YOTA]
I made arrangements with Shiba.
I'm permitted to visit
Hina's room for one hour,
from five to six PM each day.
My cover will only last
two weeks at best.
After that, it's over.
I have to get Hina to
recognize me before then.
Hina? Hey, it's me.
How are you feeling?
[YOTA]
If she'd just look at me,
I'm sure she would recognize me.
Hey, I'm over here, Hina.
It's important to look at
someone when they talk to you.
Look up here.
It's okay, Hina, I'm right here.
I know, that was very scary.
Here, this one's for you. Enjoy.
Uh. Thank you.
[YOTA] Hina's case
seems much more severe
than the other patients'.
[SHIBA] Yes, but in a way,
she's quite fortunate.
Getting to stay here.
[gasps] Wait,
in what way, exactly?
Many children from all
around the world are burdened
with severe disabilities,
and unfortunately,
there are very few facilities
with the quality of staff
and equipment that
our patients enjoy.
I see.
Is that what she told you?
Does Hina think she's fortunate?
It's an objective fact.
Still, we don't know
what she wants,
and we can't decide what's best
for her until we find out.
Recently, she finally
started looking me in the eye.
Uh‐‐ What?
Which means Hina
has just now begun
to recognize me as a person.
When she first arrived here,
she would shut out
any attempt at interaction.
But now, when I start
talking to Hina,
she looks me directly in the eye
and she listens to
what I have to say.
I can't overstate
how big of a step forward
that represents for her.
Whatever she went through,
it made her so
terrified of the world
that she walled
herself off from it.
But since she's come here,
we've gotten her to the point
where she's willing to
be a part of it again.
Great, but that
doesn't mean this is
the only place she can do that!
[SHIBA]
Really? Where else would she go?
Well... For example,
my research facility.
[SHIBA] And would Hina have
a caretaker at your facility
who she could trust?
Yes. If nobody else,
there would be me.
I see.
It would be much easier
to believe that if I could
see her meet your gaze
when you spoke.
Surely you'll agree that's
a reasonable thing to expect.
Yes. Of course.
That only makes sense.
[SHIBA]
Have a good night.
This one is Virgo.
[YOTA] I can't panic.
I still have plenty of time.
...turned into these stars.
[YOTA] Hina. I brought
a picture book today.
Wanna read it?
'Kay, I'll read it for you.
You just lie there and listen.
From the time the
boy was very little,
his mother would tell him,
"You are the child of
Apollo, god of the sun."
And every time
she told him that,
the boy would feel very proud.
"It's like I'm a sun god."
That's what the boy would say.
[sighs] But the boy's
friend laughed at him.
He stopped for
a moment and said,
"There's no way on earth
your father is really
the god of the sun."
Remember, Hina?
"I gotta call you Sun God?"
Back when we
first met? [chuckles]
[gasps] Are you having fun?
I guess we're not there yet.
[YOTA]
And...
[YOTA] Hina was aware
of me being in the room,
but she would
turn away when I spoke.
That's how things went on.
Is there even
any part of Hina left
that still
recognizes me? [sighs]
Or could it be maybe, when they
took that thing out of her,
all her memories of our time
together came out, too?
You sound awfully
tired. Drink up.
Listen, that‐‐
Are you aware of what
specifically happened
before Hina came here?
[SHIBA] I was informed that some
advanced machine that had been
implanted in her
head was removed.
It seems any memory she had of
you was lost in that process.
Would remembering that time
do anything for her?
Instead of trying to
bring back those memories,
shouldn't we be helping
her make new ones?
[YOTA]
That's wrong.
The memories we shared
are precious to both of us.
[SHIBA] So the two of you
could communicate?
She would acknowledge
you speaking
and look you in the eye?
[YOTA]
Yes.
[SHIBA]
Then I have to wonder.
Was that Hina
you were talking to?
[YOTA gasps]
Have you not thought that
perhaps you were speaking
to the machine inside her head?
That it simply
analyzed your words,
and responded through Hina?
Couldn't that be a possibility?
[gasps] No it's not. I'm sure!
She was as human as anyone.
And she could express happiness,
and anger, frustration.
Every single thing
she felt, she would show!
[SHIBA] But a machine could
mimic any one of those.
[YOTA gasps]
So then, could it not be that
the Hina you knew
was the machine?
And the first time
you met the real Hina
was when you arrived
at this facility.
[YOTA]
It's true. How could I know?
The world...
is turning inside out.
If it's the machine
I was talking to,
then there's nothing
I can do now.
She's gone.
‐‐[phone rings]
‐‐[gasps]
[YOTA]
It's Izanami. Hello?
[KYOKO] Hey. Narukami.
What are you doing?
[YOTA]
Yeah, what am I doing?
I guess I'm just floundering.
I don't know what
to believe anymore,
so I'm trying to figure it out.
[KYOKO]
That's what I thought.
[YOTA]
Huh...?
[KYOKO]
You always tend to go quiet
when you're in a spot like that,
and you haven't
been in touch, so...
[chuckles] Well I guess you've
got me figured out then, huh?
[KYOKO] I don't know if
it's really my business,
but I just need
to tell you this.
I need to know you know.
[KYOKO]
So I'm gonna say it.
The truth is, I love you.
You and Hina together.
What you do for each other.
I love you two so much.
[YOTA]
I‐Izanami.
[KYOKO]
So please, don't feel lost.
There's no need to hesitate.
Believe in yourself.
[YOTA] Hey. The girl
we met this summer.
That was the real Hina, right?
[KYOKO]
Of course.
[YOTA]
Right. Thank you.
Good night, Izanami.
[KYOKO]
Good night.
‐‐[phone rings]
‐‐Uh‐‐ Hello?
[ASHURA]
I heard from Suzuki.
You're bringin' her back, right?
[chuckles]
Are you sure you have time to be
worrying about what I'm doing?
You've got exams
coming up, don't you?
[ASHURA]
Right, yeah, I know.
It's just... There's something
I really gotta say.
Oh yeah?
[ASHURA] I love that
little gremlin to death.
[gasps]
I bet. Of course
you would love her.
[ASHURA]
I'm friggin' serious!
[YOTA]
I know. I believe you.
And that's something
I've always loved about you.
[ASHURA chuckles]
You got this, bro. Go get her.
Anyway, back to
the books, right?
[YOTA]
Yeah. Thank you.
Hello? Sora? It's me.
[SORA]
Bro, what the heck?
Where'd you go,
what are you doing?
Spill, right now!
[YOTA]
Sorry for worrying you.
I need to ask you
a quick question.
[SORA]
Uh, okay?
[YOTA] You think of
Hina as family, right?
[SORA]
Dude, yeah!
[YOTA]
Thanks.
[SORA] The movie's on hold
till Hina comes back,
and I'll wait
as long as it takes.
[YOTA] Right. I'll make
sure we can finish it.
[YOTA]
It has to be true.
The Hina I met
this summer is here.
She's in this facility,
and I can never let
myself forget that fact.
[YOTA gasps]
[YOTA]
Everyone, thank you.
Beyond blocks and picture books,
I gotta think of
something Hina likes.
That Shiba doesn't know about.
So think. What does Hina like?
‐‐[HINA] Really?!
‐‐[gasps]
A game console!
Forsooth, the appeal of
the game is great indeed!
[YOTA]
Video games!
But how am I gonna
get those in here?
If I leave they may
never let me back in,
and I don't know the address,
so I can't have
anything delivered.
[gasps]
[YOTA]
Of course.
Good thing no one
knows I'm in here,
since it totally looks like I'm
screwing around on the job.
Although, will sending in
a report like this really work?
[STAFF 11A]
Mister Narukami?
A bunch of packages showed up.
Where should we put th‐‐
Yes, they're here!
[SHIBA]
Bringing those things in here.
What are you thinking?
Uh... I'm thinking Hina
could play them.
I can't allow it.
Playing video games
is addictive.
We'd be risking all the
progress she's made thus far.
[YOTA] She can't spend
too much time with it,
but an hour a day
won't do her any harm.
Hina used to love
video games before!
Do you mean the machine?
Not the machine. Her.
It won't hurt her.
Either way, I can't
stay around that long.
[gasps]
[YOTA] Okay, Hina.
This is a controller.
Do you wanna try holding it?
Now look up here.
Man, that's a whole
lotta screen, isn't it?
And if you push up
on the left stick,
the main character
will move around.
Go on, try it.
[gasps]
Cool?
Yeah, you got it! Let's go!
[YOTA]
You gotta turn!
Try and tilt the stick sideways.
Right now you're
caught on that rock.
You're not gonna get
anywhere that way.
[gasps] I'm sorry, Hina!
I'm not upset with‐‐
[HINA crying]
[gasps]
[SHIBA]
Oh dear.
He can be scary, can't he?
It's okay. Don't be
afraid, I'm here.
Can you please go?
Of course.
[SHIBA] It's okay.
You've got me, and I promise,
I can help you find a way
to be happy in this world.
[SHIBA] I gave birth
to a girl 12 years ago.
I had no one.
And I could tell immediately
when she was born
that there was something wrong.
I swore to myself that
no matter what happened,
my daughter and I would have
a happy life together.
[SHIBA]
But we were separated quickly.
Her case was unusual.
The doctors were forced
to begin diagnostics
and treatment right away.
And the treatment seemed
to go on forever.
[SHIBA] When my daughter was
finally returned to me...
[gasps]
[SHIBA] I learned that the
happy life I'd hoped we could
share would always
be out of reach.
[SHIBA] Then I visited
a pediatric care facility
for my training, and it
pulled me out of despair.
There are many children
around the world with conditions
like the one that
affected my daughter.
And when I helped those
children, it helped me, too.
I could feel the hole in
my heart starting to close.
I knew then that this
would be my life's work.
By helping these kids
to live happy lives,
I'm building a better future
for them and for me.
It's okay. I swear
I'll always protect you.
[YOTA]
All right!
Looks like you started
your first battle!
It's turn‐based, so you can
take as long as you need
to use the buttons.
Okay, the buttons on the right.
Oops, that's the item button.
And you used a healing item
when you were already
at full health!
Uh‐‐ Sorry, didn't
mean to get loud.
Hey, you got a
brand‐new character.
His intro sequence
is pretty awesome!
[YOTA] Oops! Aww man,
you skipped the cutscene!
Uh‐‐ Sorry, it's fine.
You can jump straight
to the battles.
[YOTA] You're crazy good
at dodging monsters!
But at your level, the midboss
is gonna be pretty tough!
[YOTA]
Oh no! You got steamrolled!
Hina.
[YOTA]
Is what I'm doing right?
Is this good for her?
What will you play
with today, Hina?
[HINA]
Tars.
[SHIBA]
Then I'll turn off the lights.
[HINA gasps]
See there? Imagine there are
lines between those stars.
It looks like a swan
spreading its wings.
And that's why
they call it Cygnus!
Tig‐nit!
Good. And if you connect
Deneb, Altair, and Vega,
that forms a triangle
called the Summer Triangle.
[HINA]
Tummer tie‐angle!
[gasps]
[YOTA] I get it. I've been
trying to get Hina to do things,
but Shiba stays close to her and
lets her do them for herself.
That's how I should
approach this.
If I want to help her,
from now on
I have to bring Hina
things she'll want to do.
Well I definitely
wouldn't call it good.
But the features are there.
All these cards have pictures of
your friends and family members.
Here's Izanami.
And Ashura.
This one's Sora.
And there's even one of me.
Now hold on. Look, it's me.
[YOTA gasps]
You don't like that one?
Okay. Guess it's fine
if we leave my card out.
[YOTA]
If she remembered our names,
that would be a step forward.
[SHIBA]
It's lights out!
[YOTA]
I know.
And you intend to keep
playing that game?
[YOTA]
Yes.
It's too bright!
Then I'll lower the
brightness on the TV.
But still, all that
clicking might‐‐
Right now we're making way more
noise than the controller.
[sighs] If you disturb
Hina's sleep, it's over.
[YOTA]
Right.
[YOTA] I just need to
level up her characters for her.
No game overs.
No matter what,
she can keep going.
[gasps] Did you sleep at all?
[YOTA] I told you.
I can't stay around too long.
If it helps Hina, I don't
mind missing some sleep.
[sighs]
Wanna play, Hina?
[gasps] Then let's play!
[YOTA] Awesome! You beat it
with just one attack!
You're amazing, Hina!
[YOTA] She smiled.
Hina finally smiled for me!
Onward ho!
You're the strongest, Hina!
Nothing can stop you now!
[YOTA] This. I wish we could
stay in this moment forever.
[YOTA] If that was my life,
I would be more than happy.
But everyone is waiting for us.
Let's go home.
That's great! Now forward we go!
Forward! Forward!
[YOTA, HINA]
[SHIBA] I can't believe
he got her to open up to him
literally overnight.
[SHIBA]
Hm? What is this?
It's a daily report,
but he never did this!
‐‐[laptop chimes]
‐‐Huh? A message?
[YOTA gasps]
[YOTA]
I shouldn't be out of time yet.
I just need a little more.
I know Hina's
nearly accepted me!
We're almost there. Please!
[YOTA gasps]
[gasps]
Does that mean...